Fixed Badeline last node crash (#657)
EverestAPI/Everest: Celeste.Mod.mm/Content/Dialog/English.txt

	POSTCARD_MISSINGTUTORIAL=	{big}Oops!{/big}{n}The playback tutorial {#ff1144}((tutorial)){#} could not be found.{n}Check your {#44adf7}log.txt{#} for more info.
	POSTCARD_TILEXMLERROR=		{big}Oops!{/big}{n}There was an error parsing a tileset in {#ff1144}((path)){#}{n}Check your {#44adf7}log.txt{#} for more info.
	POSTCARD_XMLERROR=			{big}Oops!{/big}{n}{#ff1144}((path)){#} has a syntax error.{n}Check your {#44adf7}log.txt{#} for more info.

> 	POSTCARD_BOSSLASTNODEHIT=	{big}Oops!{/big}{n}FinalBoss entity was hit on its last node, please add an additional node outside of the current room to ensure the player never hits it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	POSTCARD_BOSSLASTNODEHIT=	{big}Oops!{/big}{n}{#ff1144}Badeline Boss{#} entity was hit on its last node, please add an additional node outside of the current room to ensure the player never hits it.
```

Reviewer: use the name from Lönn instead of class name

Reviewer: use the name from Lönn instead of class name
